# BedrockData
Blobs of data generated from Minecraft: Bedrock Edition used by PocketMine-MP

## canonical_block_states.nbt
This file contains an ordered list of `TAG_Compound`s (in varint NBT format) representing the pre-agreed blockstates in MCPE.
The runtime ID of a state is the offset in the list that the state appears.
The contents of this file are extracted from the vanilla BDS using [`pmmp/mapping`](https://github.com/pmmp/mapping).

## banner_patterns.json
This file defines all the known banner pattern types and their crafting requirements.

## recipes.json
This file defines all crafting-table, furnace and chemistry recipes. This includes recipes for the smoker, cartography table etc.

## creativeitems.json
This file contains an ordered list of items which appear in the vanilla creative inventory with Education Edition and Experimental Gameplay enabled.

## biome_definitions.nbt
This file contains a network-format NBT blob containing biome definitions obtained from `BiomeDefinitionListPacket`.

## biome_id_map.json
This file contains a mapping of Minecraft string biome IDs to their legacy integer ID counterparts. While biome IDs aren't dynamic yet, it's expected they will become dynamic in the future.

## entity_identifiers.nbt
This file contains a network-format NBT blob containing entity identifier mappings obtained from `AvailableActorIdentifiersPacket`.

## level_sound_id_map.json
This file contains a mapping of string sound names to LevelSoundEvent IDs used by LevelSoundEventPacket.

Note that this file may be missing some IDs (it is generated from vanilla using [pmmp/mapping](https://github.com/pmmp/mapping), and vanilla itself is missing some mappings).

## particle_id_map.json
This file contains a mapping of string particle names to their legacy particle IDs (used for LevelEventPacket). Generated by [pmmp/mapping](https://github.com/pmmp/mapping).
